Update Rizin book to rizin 0.7.3 usage (#130)
rizinorg/book: src/crackmes/avatao/01-reverse4/rizin.md

## .rizin

I've decided to solve the reversing challenges using

> [rizin](http://www.rizin.org/r/), a free and open source reverse engineering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[rizin](http://rizin.re), a free and open source reverse engineering
```
